getting back to the thread a bit mik had a
thing with Cristina I followed the other day and
I would like to see why okay I mean because
apparently and now we're going to get to
this which was a complete spectacle
okay I hear a timid voice on the other end
of the line mik but wait and see I mean I
understand that the first video I
understand that mik's first video is
this one no sooner than later he'll gather his
things and leave Thailand
because what he has organized there ent I
mean this is mik Vasco the other day well
like the whole internet has been giving their
opinion on the Fran controversy from
Thailand and the whole Cristina thing I
followed that if I'm not mistaken this
mica live is after
our 7 hour live So I see over
there cackling about a new character
because what has happened here what has
happened here have you seen the
zombie holocaust movies when suddenly
a bunch of zombies throw themselves at you you do
n't know who is who well that's what
has  past here I suddenly
start to see a lot of characters
coming out of every corner like
mushrooms what if the chi what if the
Cristina segui what if the such Paloma
Ramón what if your aunt from the town your
cool aunt and I said but all this What is it
if they have reproduced like
Gremlins Someone has thrown water around here
because we had three agents Fran cuesta
yui and Chris cor No wait
the whole town has gotten on the boat a chicken coop
that's set up makes more noise with the
animals more noise with the animals
Okay recapitulating what happened Here well
because of course You have to understand that one
thing is what is being said by some and
others So you go listening to
some and others you pull out a little noise
no And you say let's see if we can organize
this pule okay well while he was detained
Cristina segi appeared who is well
well a lady who was well known
in Spain because she had been
co-founder of Vox a political party and
then they say around here
that she had had a discreet relationship with Javier
Ortega Smith who is also a politician of
this  Well, match with Javier Ortegas,
no, it wasn't a discreet relationship, I mean, they were a
couple, they were a couple, but no, it
wasn't discreet, they were, it was very official, in
fact, they have some interviews
together as a couple and so on, but in
2020, she married a
National Police officer, completely a riot policeman,
those who belong to the
police intervention unit. Well, on one
occasion, a while ago, he appeared at the
Libertad sanctuary recording. Well, with
Fran Cuesta, some programs. At
first, I saw them, I didn't pay much
attention because, you know, Fran Cuesta used to
make programs for television. Well, they
go to the jungle, they show you
a snake around here. Well, what he
did? Yeah, this was
because that was because Fran started
calling us to go to the sanctuary. No, the
idea he had was to take
opposing people, so, for example, he
wanted to take Cristina with another
opposing politician so they could live there. He
wanted to take me with, I don't remember if
with Agustín 51 or some of these, I don't
remember, okay, what happens is that
some accepted and others didn't. So
Cristina
accepted but the other one didn't, so it was
her, the Thai police searching
the sanctuary.  searching drawers and
taking him into custody who was released
on bail with an accusation of an
alleged crime of illegal possession of
protected wild animals because
according to this Cristina eh francoa Well he
had put his foot in it he had put his
foot in it in a live broadcast that he did on
YouTube because he went around saying that
he had information about politicians,
important people and that in reality it was all because of
this because he went around
saying that he had information about
important people and politicians, well he made
the authorities in Thailand nervous
and they kicked his door in.
Who will believe this, who will believe this,
but let's see. He has been running
the freedom sanctuary with the otters for years and
showing all the animals
there and it seems that the Thai police
don't find out until they file an
anonymous complaint that the anonymous person didn't have,
no less they're going to find out that Fran
Cuesta in some live broadcast, I don't know, said that he
had information about some politician,
this, this has already started to speak badly eh
When this appeared, out of nowhere,
explanation Not requested, accusation
manifestly then Fran Cuesta comes out, as he
knew, released on bail and charged  against
her charges against her says that when he was
arrested she sent him an
email Hey Thank you so much
Veronica for the super chat
love that has jumped on the bandwagon in
this way Well then for this
nonsense sef Cristina already Fran cuesta
well he said it he knew how to choose the words
but he said it is already what he said Well what he
said It's that tatal Cristina segui
when she was with him in the sanctuary
freedom and they were recording those
programs well apart from recording those
programs they had a great time they were
very good friends very good friends we had a great time well
man fan cuesta he didn't say it
explicitly but I think he
clearly implied This is my opinion
that what happens is that he slept with
her eh And of course Ah but this is not
true maija I mean let's see you I understand
that I understand that people speculate about
Fran crisa or whatever because in the end
many people do not understand the friendships
between a man and a woman and all that
no then many people well have
thought that they were a couple no Giorgio
a big kiss in
pota Sorry Javi but what an inator
our frn But well  Fran Precisely
what she did when she mentioned Cristina
the other day was the opposite, of course,
no, they were friends, you know,
so in that aspect, Fran disassociated herself.
Any romantic relationship, now
then, people, well, they will think or not think
what they want, they don't want to say it
openly because this lady is
married, uh, she is married, I have said it
before since 2020 with a policeman
as far as I know, maybe they have separated, but
as far as I lost track of her, she was
married. Of course, I said, go look, and then
a certain Paloma Ramón appears here, uh,
I don't know why, I mean, this is what
has bothered Cristina enough
for Cristina to start a chicken to
mik, let's see, I
understand that it is not a comment
that you like, but watch a live
YouTube video of someone who is going to talk
about you and I don't
know, [ __ ]. I hear a timid voice. I mean, maybe
so many things are said about me
that I don't care about anything that
my family says about me, I mean, I find a
live video where I
they're saying this about any other youtuber and all And I don't give a damn eh I mean I really, really don't give a damn on the other side of the line maik ma No it wasn't the Thai police but take note of what I said yesterday in the live that well
to the protagonists of their gossip of the
sanctuary freedom temptations the
sanctuary of temptations Hope I
send you a kiss very very well chosen
the name very well chosen that name it
's not the moment to go
hiking in Montserrat it's not the
moment it's because there's going to be trouble there it's
a powder keg there well whoever enters
with a match and a can of gasoline
well the explosion is going to be seen by all
the satellites Cristina has
located me by phone eh co-founder of the
political party vox I say what do I owe
this honor to the honor in quotes
well because I want to say one thing I
sincerely don't care eh It's that
Cristina looking for well the phone I
imagine it will be the Canal and looking to
Call mik for what I mean so that he
says what about the colors I  I get into
deeper conversations I had
the feeling but this is my
personal opinion that
Spanish politics was a little bit in
extra time I see them a little bit with the
Braga on their shoulders if you'll allow me the
expression because man you can enter
politics being Bartolo sometimes it happens
but man politics toughens you toughens a
little you learn to speak you learn to
behave in public you learn to have
a little education and when I
saw that woman as soon as I
answered yes I am mik she ran through the
dictionary of insults and swear words and
insults and outbursts from beginning
to end and well remind you that the other
day when she left the microphone on
after the live broadcast she did with Dio
Arrabal she left the computer on she left the
live broadcast on with the microphone open
and she didn't say AOC exactly I mean she called me
[ __ ] son of a [ __ ] I didn't get to
listen to it eh I mean Lili sent it to me But I
never never got to listen to it in the
end I've already passed I passed 3 kg of this
story and I don't remember anymore and I don't
remember anymore but she left the live broadcast
open and it started there  to let loose a
string of insults that I say my goodness
how will this have been putting me I do
n't have it
Ah no Or is this is this I think a pressure
that
you and there's a [ __ ] seama oliveira there's
a [ __ ] called jav oliveira who
is
toothed who has leaked something
about the ftra lands
that they have spoken to her privately on
Twitter to So the one who has spoken to her
has spoken of instead of
association and like me
uo don't say
bad words
in
and 2017
the guys that the private that he sends to the
guy giving him the documentation puts to And we have a
person bu when it has arrived at the end
again at the beginning I have said
effectively we are in hands or rather
Spain is a country that sustains itself because
fortunately Well there are many people who
work and go through trouble if not this let's go
this was already a crater directly a
crater because man Dear Cristina
segui I tell you with all due respect
In addition I have told you on the phone that
state of nerves and that state of
tension that that volcano that volcano that
you are you will know you will know the mess that no  you'll have it
set up there in the sanctuary of
temptations eh but it's
also that if you make that fuss, I mean you
start to okay it might bother you I mean it
might bother you that people speculate or
not speculate but in the end what does it matter I mean
if hab people will talk you know in the
end what does it matter But if you start
calling Maica and starting a fuss you
think that Maica isn't going to come out the
next day telling it aoc that's why she
called me eh if she calls me who
I'm a stranger who has nothing to
do with it for in cco or 7 minutes okay eh I've
heard curses that I didn't know I've
heard curses that didn't sound familiar to me How
will the subject be there HM Eh
well well eh in any case it
calls my attention a little just
as a note that a person who has
founded a party and has been
in politics for a while doesn't know I've
had to explain myself I've had to explain myself on the phone but that's what I
'm here for there's no problem
that you can't call whether you're a politician or
not on anyone's phone number on
anyone's phone number to well spout out of
your mouth  that amount of insults and
insults because it is a lack of
respect and it is a lack of Education you should not
do it with people you know
less with people you do not know but
if you have also been involved in politics,
things have a Plus it has an
aggravating factor on the one hand the second thing is
and what has left me dead is that at
a certain moment she says that she turned on
the hands-free because her husband was next to her
eh supposedly
her husband was next to her who according to the press in
2020 she married a police officer who
belongs to the riot unit
and he must be the mute policeman and
diving apprentice because I have not heard him even
breathe at any time why do I
want to say this well man eh
logically she told me Why do you
scare me but they do not know who they
spend their money with Cristina I have more
Mili Look I have more flights than the
Concord more flights than the Concord
logically her husband was not there that is
an invention it is only that he was mute and an
apprentice diver because I have tuned my
hearing and I say you can't even hear him breathe  the
boy the waiter must be the
invisible husband logically the husband
wasn't there he calls me to see if he
can scare me Now I say one thing,
a person who has been involved in
politics should have more solvency
eh than falling for those low tricks of
saying I'm calling you on the phone and my
husband is next to you listening to you who is a
riot police eh you when you
signed the political minutes eh you also
called the husband by free brothers
so that he could listen What nonsense
is and eh you organize because you're going to
blow it up You're going to blow it up completely Well
What was Cristina's concern,
segui eh within that amount of
insults, insults and it's abrupt, well,
that she doesn't want anyone to suspect or
say or mention or give to
understand or say that Franco has
given to understand that she well when she
was there in the sanctuary of
temptations she could have had something with him, eh
sincerely seeing the mess that's
going on there in Thailand, it would have been
that Cristina, the least I would have
worried about, the least I would have worried about
if Franco  Well yes, he came out saying
that they had been very, very good friends and let's
see, Franco didn't insinuate that they had
been together. Precisely the opposite,
but what a joke, right? I mean, what a
historical joke, to raise a fuss about that
and what does it matter what people say? I mean, what does it matter what
people on the
internet say, eh, what does it matter what
people on the internet say if I were If I
had to be worried about what
people on the internet say, people
will believe and they won't believe and that's it, and you stand here and you
are placed here in the
public eye so that people have good and bad opinions of you
and it doesn't matter, eh, it's part of the
salary